QUESTION 1

Which of the following statements about the reproductive system is correct?

		
The selected follicles are more tolerable to LH deficiency than atretic follicles

		
In the fifth month of pregnancy, corpus luteum becomes the main organ to secrete oestrogen and progesterone.

		
Menstruation starts when progesterone and oestrogen undergo a sharp decrease in the menstrual cycle.

		
At the point of fertilization, the nuclear membrane of an ovum is intact.

10 points

QUESTION 2
How does fMRI (functional Magnetic resonance imaging) work?
		By detecting Blood Oxygenation Level Dependent effect.
		By detecting the connectivity between brain areas.
		By understanding the normal function of the brain based on naturally induced dysfunction.
		By understanding the normal function of the brain based on artificially induced dysfunction.
10 points

QUESTION 3
Which of the following structures is found in all prokaryotes?
		Nucleus.
		Flagellum.
		Mitochondria.
		Ribosome.
10 points

QUESTION 4

Arteriosclerosis is the thickening, hardening, and loss of elasticity of the walls of arteries. If we consider mainly the loss of elasticity of the aorta, which of the following situations is most likely to occur?

		
Both diastolic and systolic blood pressure rise.

		
Both systolic and diastolic blood pressure fall.

		
Systolic pressure increases, diastolic pressure decreases.

		
Systolic pressure decreases, diastolic pressure increases.

10 points

QUESTION 5

Which of the following is the second messager of Gαi?

		
cAMP.

		
PLC.

		
IP3.

		
AC.

10 points

QUESTION 6
T-lymphocytes can ___
		Eliminate extracellular microbes.
		Eliminate intracellular microbes.
		Be mediated with antibodies.
		Recognize bare MHC.
10 points

QUESTION 7
Which of the following is not conducive to maintaining the ideal sperm temperature of 34.4 degrees Celsius?
		The scrotum is located outside the body.
		There are sweat glands on the scrotum.
		Temperature regulation of scrotal skin.
		Sit in the same place for a long time.
10 points

QUESTION 8

What is the effect of epinephrine on the smooth muscle cells in the wall of the blood vessel supplying the intestine?

		
Blood vessel dilates, increasing blood flow.

		
Blood vessel constricts, decreasing blood flow.

		
Blood glucose level increases.

		
Blood glucose level decreases.

10 points

QUESTION 9
The presence of which of the following cell structures would tell him that the cell is eukaryotic?
		Nucleus.
		DNA.
		Ribosome.
		Cytoplasm.
10 points

QUESTION 10
Which of the following statements about the glutamate NMDA receptor is true?
		It is a type of metabotropic receptor.
		It needs depolarization to work.
		It is not involved in synaptic plasticity.
		It is exclusively located in the peripheral nervous system.
10 points

QUESTION 11
Which is the correct order of the mammalian respiratory system?
		Nostrils-Pharynx-Bronchioles-Bronchi-Trachea-Larynx-Alveoli.
		Nostrils-Pharynx-Trachea-Larynx-Bronchi-Bronchioles-Alveoli.
		Nostrils-Pharynx-Larynx-Bronchioles-Bronchi-Trachea-Alveoli.
		Nostrils-Pharynx-Larynx-Trachea-Bronchi-Bronchioles-Alveoli.
10 points

QUESTION 12
What is the function of Luteinising Hormone?
		Acts on ovary to stimulate follicle growth in females.
		Acts on the testes to stimulate sperm production in males.
		Acts on the mammary glands to stimulate milk production.
		Stimulates testosterone secretion from the testes in males.
10 points

QUESTION 13
Which type of cells can enter the lymphatic tube and activate the adaptive immunity?
		eosinophils.
		neutrophil.
		dendritic cells.
		macrophage.
10 points

QUESTION 14
Which of the following is true of the uterus?
		It is where female gametes are produced.
		It is also known as the birth canal.
		It is the site of fertilization.
		It is the site of early human development.
10 points

QUESTION 15
Which of the following questions about hormones is incorrect?
		Adrenaline is secreted by adrenal medulla.
		Glucocorticoid is secreted by the adrenal cortex.
		Growth hormone is secreted by the anterior pituitary gland.
		Prolactin is secreted by the posterior pituitary gland.
10 points

QUESTION 16

Which of the following enzymes is important for HIV replication:

		
DNase.

		
Protease.

		
Transcriptase.

		
RNase.

10 points

QUESTION 17

Which of the following statement about inflammation is true:

		
Chronic inflammation is generally good,because it initiates all immune responses.

		
Acute inflammation is generally bad ,because it underpins Many nasty diseases.

		
Inflammation is the process in which red blood cells enter tissue to mount an immune response.

		
Inflammation occurs when white blood cells enter tissue to mount an immune response.

10 points

QUESTION 18
Which of the following statements about macrophages is true:
		Macrophages perform both specific and non-specific immunity.
		Macrophages originate from neutrophils.
		Macrophages directly bind the antigens and present them.
		Macrophages have no secretory function.
10 points

QUESTION 19
Which type of cell can both be categorized into granulocytes and innate immune cells?
		B cell.
		eosinophil.
		NK cell.
		immature dendritic cell.
10 points

QUESTION 20
Which of the following is not the major functions of the large intestine?
		Absorption of water.
		Digestion.
		Secretion of mucus..
		Creat and store faeces.
10 points

QUESTION 21
Where does the semilunar valve exist?
		Left atrium to left ventricle.
		Right atrium to pulmonary vein.
		Aorta to left ventricle.
		Right ventricle to pulmonary artery.
10 points

QUESTION 22

Which statement about the lymphatic system is correct?

		
Elephantiasis is caused by lymphatic obstruction.

		
Lymph will finally directly merge into the artery.

		
Lymphatic system has the function to defend infection, but can not help with managing tissue fluid.

		
Lymph nodes are the place where t cells mature.

10 points

QUESTION 23
Which of the following statements is true about inhibitory neurotransmitters in the nervous system?
		GABA mainly inhibits the central nervous system and brain stem.
		Glycine mainly inhibits the central nervous system and brain stem.
		GABA mainly inhibits the brain stem and glycine mainly inhibits the central nervous system.
		Glycine mainly inhibits the brain stem and GABA inhibits the central nervous system.
10 points

QUESTION 24
Which of the following may be able to secrete human Chorionic Gonadotrophin?
		theca cells.
		placenta.
		corpus luteum.
		granulosa cells.
10 points

QUESTION 25

John is a 45-year-old male who has a sedentary job and an unhealthy diet. Lately, he has been experiencing chest pain, shortness of breath, and fatigue. After a medical examination, it is determined that he has coronary artery disease. This condition is usually caused by which of the following?

		
Prolonged elevated blood sugar levels leading to myocardial damage.

		
Platelet aggregation causing narrowing of blood vessels.

		
Degeneration and atrophy of the heart muscles.

		
Coronary artery blockage leading to myocardial ischemia.

10 points

QUESTION 26
Which of the following functions are not belong to respiratory system?
		Voice production.
		Protection.
		Gas exchange.
		Taking in glucose.
10 points

QUESTION 27
Which statement is NOT true about neurotransmitters?
		Glycine is a kind of neurotransmitter that is mostly in the brainstem and spinal cord.
		Glutamate could stimulate the AMPA receptor and then allows for the passage of Ca__.
		Ionotropic receptors are ion channels directly gated by specific neurotransmitters.
		GABA is the major inhibitory neurotransmitter produced in CNS.
10 points

QUESTION 28
The vasoconstriction caused by sympathetic nerve stimulation is due to the release of what at its terminals?
		Adrenaline.
		Noradrenaline.
		5-HT.
		Acetylcholine.
10 points

QUESTION 29

Select the correct statement on the nervous system

		
The cerebellum is responsible for controlling voluntary muscle movements and coordination.

		
The cerebellum is responsible for controlling voluntary muscle movements and coordination.

		
The medulla oblongata is responsible for higher cognitive functions, such as memory and learning.

		
The somatic nervous system controls involuntary bodily functions, such as heartbeat and digestion.

10 points

QUESTION 30
Which of the following statements is true about leptin?
		It is released by fadipocytes to signal hunger.
		It acts as a signal of peripheral energy stores.
		It acts synergistically with ghrelin.
		Leptin - related obesity is only caused by a lack of leptin receptors in the body.
